1. Sentence appears on the screen
    A run-on sentence is randomly picked from a list of sentences
    and has a underscore "___" in the middle. The underscore will
    be replaced by a punctuation mark or conjunction chosen by
    the user after they click a button. The string index[i] of "___"
    is stored in a variable and is used as the index where text will be
    replaced.

    --Sentences know the correct punctuation marks/conjunctions
        Each sentences has its own list of correct answers that is
        created at the time a sentence is called. (Switch statement?)

    --After a sentence is chosen, it will be stored in a variable for the current
    sentence?

2. Player clicks a button
    A button will call a function to replace the underscore in the run-on
    sentence. The value returned from the function corresponds to the name/shape/
    word on the button.

3. Determine if word is correct
    After the function to replace the underscore is called, a new function to check
    if the correct button was clicked. This will search the current sentence's
    list of answers. If the answer exists in that list, the player is correct; if not,
    the player is wrong.

4. Player is Wrong
    The player's health is a list of gameObject with the HP icons. If the player
    was wrong, delete the [0]th item from the player's health list.
    Also, the button clicked is no longer interactable for that sentence.
    Also, the Alpha for that button's Image component is reduced to 50% (127-128).

5. Player is correct
    The Enemy also has a list of gameObjects with HP gameObjects for their health.
    If the player was correct, delete the [0]th item from the Enemy's health list.
    Call a function to display a new random sentence:
    --The previous sentence is placed in a list of UsedSentences.
    --If a random sentence is found in UsedSentence, a new random sentence
      is called until a new one appears (recur?).
    All buttons are stored in their own list:
    --Go through the list and check to see if a button is interactable. If not
      restore the "interactable" checkbox.
    --Also, set the Alpha back to 100% (255) if it is not.

6. Ending the game:
    PlayerHP is empty:
        --Text changes to a big YOU LOSE.
        --Game exits after a few seconds.
    EnemyHP list is empty:
        --Text changes to a big YOU WIN!
        --Game exits after a few seconds.
